Yes Drive Kitter Fair Sounds and Sounds Yes New Masked Rider Masked Rider Drive
Since the transformation belt is finally released, let's open immediately
This feeling is about the same size as the Nobuyuki driver, while the drive driver is
Body and shift breath shift is included
drive
I will open the phone from what I do not use it from tomorrow
I will meet you for the first time
Yes when driving out from inside
Yes there is an inside but it is all right
As this hare is written this time with the gambalyizing card with the privilege , it is the top
It comes in
Let's open this first and look at the drive driver
You go
From
Same 2
Freedom this time because it contains the and the bracelet are transformed
It's already pan-pan, but first it's a drive driver
I think I know What would you Yozo Ttoo Oh quite compact
Take vinyl at and cherry blossoms
It's a live compact when I go back to the battle extreme driver or the Genesis driver
I have a lot of work
This side is the bumper of the car and this gold part looks a bit like a panel
I can see
Urato Wow your
The driving type is sold on the back side, but tennis drivers are
It's like this, so it 's about two thirds wide and there's one more makeover item
That's right here
Shift bless 4 quite big
It's not a Tokuu changer, but there is a site on it
htt
The whole is like this and the back is cool after all
And the belt is already set, and the battery is in here.
To attach
See Shifutoka you rely on to make it easier to enter This is the Goi live temporarily and to say
Of the street
And around the belt parts
Two shift mothers for form changer items that contain felt and noodles
This is my typespeed
Different TV-kun version of Lee parentheses good at all
I have been properly is often truly Deluxe Edition color
And feel of you open this live part also seems door without 's heel is Akore the same
is not it
The other one is max flare do so
It is completely different form it is clear the part here is you had each other to paint a clear parts to the base
I will
In this also rotates, especially after all the deluxe edition
It is Naippo physician, such as or ringing sound or Hikka' because there is no switches
is
The place where the drive driver is wearing a belt is something like a seat belt
I feel that this is amazing
And if I put out this or something like this
Oh my brother
Oh wow, it's a seat belt
There is also a seam that is folded back Some parts of this side of the driver are also on the belt
Now users had ah ah was written sucking is incredible play
This completely
Ooh
It is good to take the cherry blossoms by pressing on the seat belt
Let's play a little bit this time No, not like AAA
We use AA battery Yachting decision
Set power on
The
In in this time shift Brest this driver infrared-ray communication
What is it, so I leave the driver as Mr. Erdo and let me take the capital car here
It reacts by fitting
I have seen how to play Bandai's official drive driver
I will
Still rotate shift car
Remove the insulation sheet and turn this engine key .
If Stone
More and more
Vibes
It is increasing
so
Oh How I refer to this I certainly z
Yes and defeat
Infrared communication eh Aun'
Are' Author properly there Huh there Hey hey
i saw it on youtube
Put down the bread and beat
I Ah
Etc. time also Pabo Ton'
That's why the lever is so tight in the pass studio by minutes
Eh why this
What to do
I don't know why I wonder why
Ah ah ah
Power supply early This is rude here I take out the insulation sheet here and further beckoning on
Anh
It is something like this with 6 hands
Is the booty inside the led part rotating ?
For now, let's start the engine
Theft shift car
If defeated further
Hmmm
Well, oh
Butterfly
Start engine engine starter
It has been found Nea Is Why
Because there is production here, let's do while aligning with the position of the pot sensor
Turn on the key one more time
Tea that is clean and squeezed out of the outside sensor
Big
The LED 6 will be screwed up Turn the engine key
Push the button of brace etc
Yeah
Such a face model is ah
Wow wow
It's nice, this is a new feeling
Let's take a look at the original count of Ganba Rising
When I put out the contents
Cool the yacht
If the table is berth at the harbor, type speed flare
Guess the other top comes with the now rider kick Is root
By the way, the extension belt was also properly supported The pair deluxe drive driver's
If you have to up the detailed review You have put in the description of the lower or higher Kamen Rider
drive
Transform belt temple
It was an opening game of a thin drive driver
Well then